Fusion changelogs backport (#451)
seqeralabs/docs: changelog/fusion/v2.4.8.mdx

---
title: Fusion Release v2.4.8
date: 2024-12-20
tags: [fusion]
---

Bugfix release to improve stability.

### Bug fixes

- Do not delete the logs file during spot reclaim

> - Upload logs file in parts to support files larger than 5GB 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Upload logs file in parts to support files larger than 5 GB 
```

- Remove leftover `.bak` file when using BAM and Tabix index 

> - Security: bump golang.org/x/crypto from 0.25.0 to 0.31.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Security: Bump golang.org/x/crypto from 0.25.0 to 0.31.0
```
